[Music]
[Applause]
guys we have another amazing panel
coming up this is while it's more than
money how web 3 will revolutionize
entertainment it's my pleasure to bring
to the stage the founder of discussion
platform Beyond media Miss Nicole Venom
and also the CEO and founder of impact
Theory Studios Mr Tom bill you
do it
again
what what up yeah
yeah
what's up Nicole what's up Tom how we
doing uh so good I know it's the
afternoon but GM guys come on GMG can I
get a GM
I love tweeting GM say it back
GM it's the best way to get engagement
on Twitter not on Instagram it's good
strategy it's a good strategy I like it
Tom I'm so excited to do this with you
in person you have been such an
inspiration to me
in so many ways you know I I've been an
interviewer for a long time but I've
watched your stuff and you've
interviewed some of the biggest Legends
and it's crazy that it was web3 that
brought us together who would have
thought who would have thought web3 is a
crazy Beast it's a catalyst whatever you
want to do it'll bring you closer to
your goal I knew nothing about web 3
nfts I didn't even own eth until this
year until no last year a year I was
gonna say whoa
in like 90 days I forgot that we're in
2022. it's so hard I can't keep track of
what year it is it's because you're in
web 3. that's why it's all I think about
but I wanted to ask you you know
everyone has their own definition of
web3 and I've heard it so many times
just today what's your definition yeah
so mine is really simple I don't think
it's going to be groundbreaking for
anybody it's the implications of this
simple idea that I think will really
surprise people with how much it changes
things so web one read only you go to a
website there it is web 2 social you can
both read and post web3 is about
ownership and participation and what I
think people aren't really
um thinking so much about I know some
people are for sure but especially in an
entertainment context is the things that
you buy are signals of affinity so what
it is that you like and so that was
where the title of today's talk came
from is that you know they're called
wallets but that's really a pretty big
misnomer and if we're going to stick
with it it's wallets with more than
money and what I can tell about somebody
from an entertainment perspective when
you roll up into what I will lovingly
refer to as the metaverse archipelago
which we can get more into that later
but when you roll up into somebody's you
know little corner of the metaverse that
they can create custom experiences for
you based on what's in your wallet and
so as I think about what what that's
going to be it's really going to be
revolutionary and I think it's going to
introduce an entirely new form of
entertainment
I've heard you uh
say that it's a new phrase new word
wallet aware
what does that mean I've never heard it
before yeah so when you're building
these experiences so we're going to be
unveiling at the end of this the secret
project that we've been working on under
the code name of the Avatar project and
as we're building it out and thinking
about where this is all going in fact
who has not seen the movie who has read
the book Ready Player One
Make Some Noise
all right not quite as enthusiastic as I
would hope from a web 3 crowd but we'll
take it we'll take it now I think that
that book
really has an insight into what the
metaverse is actually going to become
and you know from the sort of initial
cyberpunk stuff with snow crash and
things like that where we got a really
interesting sort of hacker-esque look at
what it's going to be but Ready Player
one showed what it's going to be from an
actual living in that world of
entertainment and it isn't just gaming
so there's a part that we would all
recognize as gaming you go in it's a
combat zone you've collected your items
you lose in a battle you lose all your
stuff right pretty straightforward but
the whole rest of the book like 85
percent of the experiences that the
characters have inside of that book are
what I think is actually going to be web
3. I think he recognized he wouldn't
have had the word web3 but that's what
he was detailing something I call
wallet aware game-like experiences
meaning that I can the example that I
use is my wife has a book coming up
called radical confidence May 10th for
anybody out there looking for adult book
and she's doing an nft project around it
that'll make sense when you read the
book called bad boots
and so inside of project Avatar we're
going to have bad boots and that's
actually an item in your wallet so
whether you're wearing them or they're
just in your wallet I now know something
about you and I can trigger an
experience based on the fact that my
technology is aware of what's in your
wallet and if you have combinations of
items let's say you have a board ape and
you've got bad boots well you're
my kind of person so we can do things
for that what can you do with that now
that you'll have to wait and see uh that
we're not we're not ready for that
announcement yet but but that's how you
know as web3 Builders like that's the
kind of thing people begin to discover
as they're creating this stuff you know
is not there's a name for it um
skeuomorphic right not to be
skeuomorphic in the design not to think
of web 2 or sorry web3 as a worse web
too because I think web3 is a worse web
too in what sense if you want to play a
traditional video game you're better off
going to what already exists they're
already amazed using you can play to
your heart's content web 3 needs to
bring something new to the party
otherwise it's going to be a three to
five year wait for something that's
already awesome in web 2 but web3 can
bring something entirely new and as we
break out of the skeuomorphic attempts
at gaming or whatever then it becomes
well what is it and I think it's these
wallet aware highly interactive
customized game-like experiences
okay so I wanna I know you we have
project Avatar we're going to talk about
that a little more you you've already
released a project from from my
understanding but we haven't released
Avatar so the way we did an umbrella
project called Founders keys
and the founders key oh so we got a
couple things guys come on buddy all
right so
um
we launched that and our strategy is
very different than the sort of typical
strategy so
um there's a lot of amazing Financial
energy in the web 3 space it's
incredible thank God for it it's what
brought a lot of interest it's what's
building the infrastructure it's amazing
but there has to be something beyond
that and about four or five months ago I
started to have a really uneasy feeling
about what web3 becomes if it's just a
financial vehicle and so as somebody who
got into you know my wife and I sold our
last company Quest Nutrition we never
needed to work again and it you know to
work this hard it's about something
different for us so we've always wanted
to build an entertainment company we
needed a moment of disruption web3
presented that and getting into that we
knew we were going to be creating a lot
of Ip and we wanted an umbrella project
that wasn't focused on I didn't want
people treating the founders Keys as a
hedge against inflation right which is a
lot of the the vibe and nfts is like hey
it's highly volatile which means I can
make a huge amount of money but you can
also lose a huge amount of money and if
the people building the project are just
focused on the financial side there
won't be the emotion to sustain the
masses right so I'm interested in the
masses because of a whole thesis I have
around what I want to do with my life so
again not that there's anything wrong
with the financial energy it's just not
that's not where we're coming from so we
wanted to create this umbrella project
that would open everything that we're
developing at impact Theory so we've
already got nine projects in active
development and we needed a
gravitational Center and that
gravitational Center where all of these
different projects come together to the
benefit of our key holders is Project
Avatar and today we're going to announce
the name we're going to reveal the logo
and show you guys one glimpse of a
really early piece of art so you can get
a sense of what's coming but yeah it's
going to be a whole new kind of
experience yeah I'm so excited for that
um
you set the standard for customer
service is what I've been told I was
backstage with David Bianchi who was
just on this stage 10 minutes ago and he
told me that he purchased one of your
Founders keys
and that when you uh when the floor
started fluctuating you said to your
holders hey if you're unhappy I'm gonna
refund you and he said he actually
refunded us and let us hold on to the
the free airdrop that we received which
really is setting the standard you know
there are some people that come into the
space you don't know what their
intentions are obviously when it's very
liquid and it's bullish people are there
to make money and you know when you're
here when you're here long term
the way that you've been you've been
operating has really set the standard so
I that was really nice to hear
what is up my friends I have huge news
for you about one of the most exciting
and important projects I've ever worked
on in my life as you guys know it is my
mission to help teach people about how
to build a mindset and the skills that
they're going to need to live an
extraordinary life and over the last few
months I've been working hard behind the
scenes to create a brand new tool that
will help you do exactly that it's
called project Kaizen and I'm proud to
announce that I'll be bringing it to the
world later this year project Kaizen is
a web 3 based game like experience that
is a story based world that's going to
allow you to get inside build an avatar
that is aspirational of who you want to
become and then take the path of the
warrior seeking continuous Improvement
inside of a story world and game
experience alright my friend I cannot
tell you how excited I am about this
amazing new project which I think ushers
in a whole new form of entertainment and
I want to meet you inside of project
Kaizen and help you have fun with these
ideas of always getting better all right
click the link and join me in Discord
and until then my friends be legendary
take care peace
let's give it up for Tom thank you thank
you look this is web 3 is an incredible
space but there is one slight
pathological element which is the time
frames that people are thinking in and
so I know what we're building I know our
level of commitment we didn't do the
drop of the keys as a way to fundraise
so that we could actually do our roadmap
so when
when we did the project and look I had I
had not understood that part about web3
that people don't measure things in
months or years they measure things in
in hours or days at most and so even
though in the like build up to the drop
I said look you know this is don't buy
this if you're trading it because it's
not going to be like that this is a slow
build we have a lot of ipn development
you know we're trying to build a studio
that makes Games Film TV and those
things have this inherent cycle but
don't worry I don't need the raise here
to do all of these things so I'm going
to do them you know whether it works or
not so when we sold it we didn't spend
any of the eth that we generated we just
set it aside and so when people weren't
they either had overextended themselves
or they just weren't comfortable with
the kind of time period that we were
talking about you know cool we'll refund
you and that was the same way we built
Quest was you know look you got to stand
by your product and so yeah this I like
to call the founders key the ante rug
this will never be a rug anti-rug the
anti-rug we're trying to shut carpet
under people's feet uh and yeah so we
would you know just buy the keys back
before we'd let it go to zero so that's
you just that's how we play that's
incredible every time I talk to you I
hear a new phrase a new term it's like
I'm it's like there's a new glossary
with you which I love because you know
we have that the whole GM wag me uh rug
all the terms we had to learn as we uh
moved moved along in this space so I
heard you say uh okay what does Unreal
Engine five which I don't know what that
is have to do with what you have been
calling and you said it earlier a
metaverse
archipelago archipelago archipelago all
right all right so if we have people out
there that are tech savvy and you guys
want to create something amazing in web
3 I I have a thesis now of course I
could be wrong but I'm extraordinarily
bullish on this and I think you're going
to see that there are people running
what I now call The Playbook and the
Playbook if you're trying to launch a a
Project based around IPS you're trying
to tell stories there's some element
it's not just about apes it's Apes
embedded in the story world right so the
same thing for us so project Avatar is
embedded in a story world so as we were
looking at what technology are we going
to build this in I wanted I'm agnostic I
don't care if it ends up being sandbox I
don't care if it's the central land I
don't care if it's something that none
of us have heard about I just want to
make sure that we can
make something that's as big and
interconnected as possible so that they
don't become these really disparate
things and it's you know a battle for
the technology and and most things get
lost and eaten you know by time so
looking at it I was like okay what is
the technology that is most widely
available to creators and the answer is
Unreal Engine so Unreal Engine is named
appropriately it is the most unreal
piece of technology you're going to
encounter it will allow you to basically
drag and drop your way to a video game
it is absolutely extraordinary and
you've already got
um we're building an Unreal Engine uh
apes are building an Unreal Engine
clonex is building an Unreal Engine and
this idea of the metaverse archipelago
is that right now video games are never
going to get connected and anybody that
spent enough time in a video game
understands why like just to balance a
weapon inside of one game is hard as
hell to do that across games would
literally be impossible and so you're
never going to be able to do that but
there are these game-like experiences
that I'm talking about going back to
Ready Player one where somebody builds a
replica of the hometown that they grew
up in and you can go into the arcade
inside of that town play a micro game
opens an Easter egg and then based on
what your wallet has like creates this
incredible experience and so they're not
traditional video games and it's not
traditionally a movie it's it's a web 3
game it's something totally new and so I
think that as we build up these islands
so that's the kind of thing that we're
building with project Avatar and there's
a bunch of people doing it so right now
they are islands right so if you're in
Project Avatar you won't be able to
teleport into Apes you'd have to go
build an Apes but they're on the same
rendering engine so once this ecosystem
gets their version of https or TCP the
protocols that make the internet work
you will literally as long as it isn't a
combat Zone you'll be able to move from
one experience to another and that lets
your identity be as permanent as you
want it to be and so that's why the
phase one of project avatars we're
focusing on that that you can build an
avatar that's awesome I mean just like
Triple A game tier quality 3D fully
rigged amazing stuff
with an eye towards being able to in the
future once that infrastructure is
created you can take it from space to
space to space
that's incredible
um you have such a big audience already
with impact Theory I know you have a
newsletter you have a ton of ways that
you communicate
you know I I'm in this world of nfts
um but if I wasn't and I'd imagine that
you communicate with an audience that is
not crypto native how do you how do you
move them over how do you bring them to
this world how do you excite them and
you know get them involved with this
kind of stuff you know because not
everyone is into gaming and things like
this so
yeah so to me the the big question that
we're trying to solve for is there's so
many people doing incredible things
where the punch line is this is a a fun
Financial instrument and so we want to
take a different approach which is you
know they say that there are companies
that try to charge more over time and
there are companies that try to charge
less and we're a charge less company so
we're trying to bring the cost of nfts
down we're trying to make the barrier to
entry lower and we're trying to put
whatever accretive value there is in
getting amazing art doing cool
collaborations to push through the hands
of our key holders right key holders you
feeling good about that so we want to
get the art right we want to get the
Rarity right we want to get the drops
right the Partnerships right but make it
at least in that initial transaction
very inexpensive and then let the
quality of the game the quality of the
ecosystem take care of whether something
goes up in value and if it does it's
already in the hands of our key holders
so that helps the the value of the keys
stay strong wrong gives an early entry
point for someone who isn't a key holder
you know and we're obsessed with this
idea being people's first nft right
because there's you can actually do
something with it you can go in and you
can play and engage and uh and it
becomes a really fun easy way to become
a part of this ecosystem and get your
feet wet without having to know a lot
about it or to be looking at Financial
charts or wonder if today's a good day
to buy in or have you missed it it's
like make it really easy make it really
fun and then they can learn about the
other side
and how how do you engage with your
community in particular I know you have
a Discord we've done a Twitter space
together and then you're collaborating
with people
yeah so one we're really building with a
focus on making sure that our community
can co-create with us and that was one
of the really powerful lessons I
actually I had for I mean Lisa and I
were so successful because we knew how
to build community and that was how we
blew Quest up we took it from not
existing to being valued at over a
billion dollars in five years so just
crazy so I really came into web 3
thinking cool I repeated that success
with impact Theory we've grown by 41 000
in five years so it's just bananas so I
thought I really understood community
what web3 showed me was I understood
audience and Community is different and
so building a Discord community in the
way that we mean it in web 3 was really
like it was exciting but surprising I
just didn't realize the voracious
appetite for co-creation and so as we're
building our Avatar it's like all eyes
on how can we create moments where the
the players the users can be involved
creating different things and so that's
a big part so that's one way that we
engage highly we're actually building a
school to help people learn how to
create an Unreal Engine so that they can
build things for the experience and then
also Twitter and Discord like those are
the the three big ways but we I spend a
lot of time in Discord answering
questions that's huge for me
um and so yeah those three are really
the the ways yeah I love the distinction
that you made and we've talked about it
on our spaces between audience and
Community you know audience this is an
audience right now but the second you
guys are talking to each other and then
there's a two-way street where we're all
engaging with each other that's a
community the other thing that I wanted
to mention and I talk about this a lot
in Twitter spaces Community wasn't a
positive word when I was growing up
because a lot of us belong to
communities where we didn't really feel
accepted for who we were the first
thought we had when we walked into a
room was okay who do I have to be to
impress these people now we all have you
know avatars from a certain collection
and we feel like we're unified based on
that and when we walk into like a cool
cats event or a Doodles event or you
know I'm sure a Founder's key event or
any of these things we already feel a
sense of connection we're curious about
each other you know we want to work
collaboratively it's such a different
feeling am I right Community it's
different it's a different feeling in
web3 you know it's it's also like you
know you're you're a big public figure
figure but I feel like we're friends
here you know it's it's you're someone
that I look up to but I feel like we're
someone we can work collaboratively and
when we all talk to each other and when
I see people even at this conference
it's just I feel like I know you even if
I don't know you and and I love that
about this all right my friend I have a
big announcement my incredible and
talented wife Lisa is about to launch
her new book radical confidence in it
she has managed to perfectly capture the
process of how to go from feeling lost
and insecure to taking control of your
life and doing amazing things despite
feeling fear sometimes a lot of fear now
let me tell you nobody knows Lisa better
than me but when I read radical
confidence for the first time and heard
her describe what it was like for her to
go from having these big exciting dreams
as a kid to then as an adult scheduling
her life around the TV shows that she
wanted to watch or how lonely and
isolated she felt instead of pursuing
her dreams it was brutal for me I would
never say though that it was is worth it
for her to go through all of that just
so that she could write something down
that allows others to avoid it but I
will say that at least she was able to
capture the strategies that she used to
break out of that rut find her voice and
begin doing incredible things despite
her insecurities and fears that she
wasn't going to be good enough to
achieve great things order your copy
today because if you act now you can
claim the bonuses that Lisa has created
for you at radicalconfidence.com then
once you've done that we'll get back to
today's episode alright guys read the
book and get ready to be the hero of
your own life peace out
we are all in the wild west covered in
dirt trying to build something and that
there really is something that when you
have that shared Vision that shared
purpose and you're in the middle of
something and we're such an island and
you know I'm sure that when you're in
your bubble here like have you guys ever
like and look it's all different for
everybody's algorithm but if I type into
YouTube literally just w-e-b and the
number three no space the first like 10
results are web 3 is a joke it's a scam
it's like we we are in a bubble of like
yo this is amazing it's incredible but
like we are we are a really small part
of humanity right now I didn't know that
I didn't know it yeah the first few
results are web three is a joke yes yes
whenever you have a massive shift this
this is a tectonic shift what is
happening right now is a tectonic shift
on the inside we see all the people
investing we see all the resources and
the talent pouring into the space but to
the outside world it is confused using
they have no idea what it is why would
people do this but that's that is the
nature of change first they ignore you
then they laugh at you then they fight
you and then finally they accept defeat
and so it's we're moving into the
fighting part right so as somebody in
the gaming world
you don't have to go far to see that
there is a there is a massive amount of
vitriol between traditional gaming and
nfts like like almost violent it's
really interesting and so it is not
going to be a smooth Road and ultimately
we have to build things that actually
are better not better in concept but
better in reality but if we build those
things and I I literally I have run
every scenario you can imagine that I
can think to run and all of them and
with web3 being the dominant system
because it's the most attuned to human
nature but we're gonna go through a
rocky patch okay the most attuned to
human nature how so
we want to own things we want to feel a
sense of connection and I think that
this is it's the part that confuses
people and it's the most powerful thing
which is digital art is the most
incredible art on planet Earth like the
things that it can do it can move right
the color spectrum that it can handle is
way broader than what you can do in
print or in paint and it also matches
much more closely the Zeitgeist the
people growing up right now so we're now
dealing with generations of people who
grew up playing video games then they
raise their kids playing video games
where you can become famous and wealthy
from playing video games and that's why
it's not weird that you have all these
degens basically treating video game
style Graphics as
bonds and hedges against inflation and
financial instruments and it's like it's
so nonsensical 40 years ago it wouldn't
make any sense but now when you steep
people in that culture now all of a
sudden it does make sense but you have
to go through this massive transition to
get the world to adopt something like
this but it is
it it is just self-evident to me that
people want to own they want to
co-create and they want things to be
valued that they already think are
amazing
and that all of that's in web 3.
it's also the education that I feel like
we were missing when we were younger
they didn't teach us about taxes and
financial literacy and now all of these
questions are coming up you know as we
learn more and more about
cryptocurrencies and nfts and things
like in community
it's it's sort of filling in all the
holes of everything we were never taught
When We Were Young so I feel like this
is also going to change the way we
educate our kids that's that's the
feeling that I get from this every time
I'm learning it's interesting yes and
there will be way more financial
literacy but I don't think anybody new
is going to enjoy it and so this is my
big my big thing with nfts is
look out at the world right the question
has already been asked and answered how
many people like paying attention to
financial graphs and all of that stuff
and the answer is some and they are
handsomely rewarded for it and the
people that get to know it really well
and really understand how it works they
learn it but they could have learned it
this whole time and they didn't and they
didn't for a reason because they're not
into it they want entertainment or they
want an emotional connection or whatever
but it isn't the financial side of it
like I will give you guys a key
distinction I've spent a huge portion of
my life pursuing wealth and then when I
was told because I finally had more than
a million dollars in liquid net worth
that I could be an investor I was like
why I still don't understand it
so I'm good at building businesses I'm
not good at investing they're totally
different things and so some people are
going to be really into investing and
they may prefer investing in nfts
because at least it's images that they
find visually interesting or they like
the culture of it but at the end of the
day you still have to spend your day
looking at it and treating it like
stocks like is it moving in the right
direction or the fundamentals right and
all that I don't want to hear about that
I don't care about the fundamentals of
Spider-Man or one piece or my hero
Academia I just know it's dope right and
that's the only way that I personally
want to engage with it and so I know
that there's going to be a huge
contingency of people that feel the same
and again if you scan the demographics
of the world there are way more people
that are into going to see the next
Blockbuster or playing the next
Blockbuster video game then there are
people that are willing to spend that
same time getting financially literate
because if you're willing to spend the
time I'll just tell you right now it's
already out there you can go learn
everything you want you've got Warren
Buffett teaching every principle he
knows Charlie longer teaching every
principle he knows Michael Saylor as
fast as he can talk telling you what to
do with Bitcoin rob Paul as fast as he
can talk Robert Breedlove like all the
information is there
but some people just aren't into it so
there's got to be another side that
speaks to the broader audience but then
I keep hearing this word edutainment
has anyone perfected that or is that the
direction we're moving in man you can
keep your edutainment I I tell my team
all the time
anybody holding impact Theory Keys
that's looking for edutainment you are
going to be really unhappy so the way
that I see it is
we have a funnel system at the top of
impact so impact Theory exists for one
reason and one reason only to make sure
that nobody gets to the age of 15
without encountering a growth mindset at
scale through story that's it that's why
I get up every morning that's a word
that's why uh I fight as hard as I do
and so
I saw Star Wars it introduced me to a
character called yoda I thought Yoda was
dope as hell and then at 16 a friend of
mine said hey you should read this book
called The Dao de Jing and I read it and
I was like yo these are like Yoda quotes
and so Yoda gave me an in to an ancient
Chinese philosophy that ended up
changing my life and so taoism then
plants the seeds for what we would Now
call a growth mindset and
that started with Star Wars and so
that's how we want to do it Star Wars
doesn't preach at you but if you take
Yoda's advice it will actually make your
life better and so my thing is can we
tell stories like the Matrix like Karate
Kid like Shawshank Redemption where
there's a core idea at the center of it
that's literally life-changing but it's
just entertainment and then you funnel
them down cool you liked our version of
The Matrix and if you like our version
of The Matrix you're really going to
like the project that we're going to
play literally right now because we're
about to run out of time
um
so with that I will say let me introduce
you to impact Theory's version of The
Matrix wait
are you about to drop the name we're
going to have to because we are rapidly
Running Out of Time Wilhelm Von
vugenstein if you're back there
now is the time my friend all right
everybody this is our new project
formerly known as projects
and you're about to learn the real name
[Music]
all right there it is so project Avatar
is officially project Kaizen now anybody
that knows what uh Kaizen stands for so
the real Japanese word which in the
English would spell
k-a-i-s-e-n uh stands for continual
Improvement and so that's that's the
core of impact Theory that's the core of
everything that we do and that's the
core of this game-like experience that
we're building out called project Kaizen
uh that's the first thing that we've
released to introduce people to the
world
we're marching towards the launch of the
project here uh in a couple weeks we'll
announce the actual launch date and
really fast I'd like to show uh just a
quick will if we can get the teaser
image and I'll explain how this works so
the idea is to create yourself so you're
going to come into a full-blown game
engine again it's built inside of Unreal
Engine you'll be able to build an avatar
based on extremely high quality 3D
assets that we're working with some of
the most talented artists in the world
we stole one of the creative directors
away from Riot games very excited about
in fact our new Chief marketing officer
who we stole from Disney Warner Brothers
DC Comics he's now on the team so we're
building out an incredibly world-class
team that is going to allow us to tell
stories in this brand new web three-way
and will if you want to hit people with
just a real fast this is a an old viz
Dev piece that we did just to show the
kind of things that we're going to be
doing and will you can take that one
down we're never going to be showing
that one again I only wanted to show
that here live on stage as it's
ephemeral but we'll be showing you guys
the the real images coming up we'll be
dripping them out about once a week
until we hit launch so we've got a lot
of things coming all around that idea of
continuous Improvement so thank you guys
so much for joining us for that
unveiling of project Kaizen thank you
Tom this has been this has been such an
honor for me I'm so excited for what
you're building it's very clear you're
here for the long run and I just I can't
wait let's hear it Tom bill you thank
you everybody thank you Nicole all right
everybody peace out it's funny how when
it's dropping there is
you begin to question everything you
thought you knew in the Euphoria and
I've never lived through this so for me
I was fresh out of college when the
internet was really booming